have a 2010 p x 24 c hunt very nice
payback like the Carolina Flair here
mode rolls 15 inches of water very
shallow draft eight and a half foot beam
let's go on the fact let's see how this
boats power with this post powered by a
young all 254 strength let's cut the
link 0 recess trimtabs I swim ladder
this Ford the boat let me show you some
nice features back on the transom great
disability in fall back you've got place
here for your your baton it pumpkin
bucket you can take them out have easy
access to your batteries again they'll
both sides thank you you have some nice
pop up back seats pull the family plenty
of seating this boat is actually on cake
ball for 8 passenger has a 28 court very
adding live well very nice setup right
here obviously you see your marine
speakers fresh water washdown got your
recess stainless steel cleats let's move
forward to the hell let me show you some
other nice features here we have a
custom leaning post with the type of
station behind it nice and laid out hold
on holders great seated obviously we've
got your full rod holders up on your
your t-top sketch your nice storage for
your match best whatever just got your
spread a light on the back does have you
nice molded fiberglass electronics box
got your spread light switches up here
there's your yamaha digital gauges which
will give you all the information you
will ever need here's your lento trim
tabs just got a marine stereo with your
ipod mp3 compass your vision steering
wheel
it's got a good nice cup holders great
handles full rough water boat is just a
nice perfect babe oh nice storage here
we sell from you wallet more storage
underneath the console let's move
forward to the bottom and I'll show you
some more features great finish and
pulling about we have great visibility
lots of red you've got your nice storage
for your anchor got your plugin for your
trolling motor recess stainless steel
cleats we have right here locked storage
insulate it check out the nice finish
underneath the lid they go to the
extreme nice stainless steel shocks we
have a hundred and ninety court fish box
lots of room for lots of fish nice step
up right here on the console we have
another live well it's 25 court we have
more storage in the console plenty of
room right here utilizing all your space
again it's lockable there's your marine
speakers right here as well overall you
guys I think this is a great bay boat
one of my favorites made by sea hunt
Gavin you questions please contact jefra
chris 850 244 1099 or legendary marine
boats calm